Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S."
WHO COULD THAT BE?
IT'S YUSEI!
Children: AAAAAH!!
WHAT WAS THAT?
IS EVERYONE OKAY?
[ROMAN LAUGHS]
WHO ARE YOU?
MY NAME IS ROMAN.
AND I BEAR THE MARK
OF THE SPIDER.
WE DARK SIGNERS HAVE ONLY
ONE WAY OF SAYING "HELLO."
IF YOU WANT A DUEL ROMAN...
FOLLOW ME!
LEAD THE WAY, FRIEND.
I'M COMING WITH YOU.
ALRIGHT, MEN... THAT ROMAN
IS A BAD GUY,
HE TOOK CROW
AND EVERYONE ELSE.
LET'S GO HELP
YUSEI DEFEAT HIM!
YEAH!
Both: LET'S DUEL!
IT'S TIME TO BEGIN.
TAKA'S NOT WITH US...
NEITHER ARE
JON AND MITCH.
Martha: LOOK!
MARTHA!
I'M ON IT!
Roman: AND NOW THAT YOU HAVE
NOTHING TO PROTECT YOU,
UNDERGROUND ARACHNID
CAN ATTACK!
MAN... WHERE ARE
THOSE GUYS?...
I TOTALLY LOST 'EM...
Jon: OVER THERE!
HUH?
HEY, YUSEI!
NO!
OH DEAR... WHAT ARE
THEY DOING HERE!?
IT'S TOO LATE
FOR YOUR FRIENDS!
I SUMMON ALTAR
OF THE BOUND DEITY!
NOW ONCE A TURN DURING
MY STANDBY PHASE...
FOR EVERY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE ALTAR GAINS ONE
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL COUNTER.
WHEN ALL 4 OF
THE ALTAR'S COUNTER FLAMES
HAVE BEEN LIT...
THE BOUND DEITY WILL
GRANT ME THE POWER
TO SUMMON ONE EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL FROM MY DECK!
[THINKING] I CAN'T
LOSE THIS BATTLE,
I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO STOP HIM
BEFORE HE SUMMONS
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL...
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
I CAN SAVE THOSE KIDS.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Roman: IT LOOKS LIKE MY WEB
HAS CAUGHT SOME FLIES.
[LAUGHS]
[BOTH WHIMPERING]
SHALL WE FINISH
THIS DUEL YUSEI?
THE NETHERWORLD IS ANXIOUSLY
AWAITING YOUR ARRIVAL...
WELL I DON'T PLAN ON
GOING ANYWHERE ROMAN...
[CHUCKLES]
I WOULDN'T BE SO SURE,
YOU SEE THE MOMENT MY ALTAR'S
4 COUNTERS ARE LIT,
YOUR FEARS
WILL BE REALIZED.
I GUESS I'LL JUST
HAVE TO MAKE SURE
THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN!
[CHUCKLES] TRY.
I ACTIVATE ALTAR
OF THE BOUND DEITY!
NOW, FOR EVERY MONSTER
THAT'S IN DEFENSE MODE
DURING MY STANDBY PHASE,
I LIGHT AN EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL COUNTER!
NEXT I SUMMON GRAND SPIDER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[GROWLS] GREAT. THIS IS
JUST WHAT I NEEDED...
I MEAN, IS IT
JUST TOO MUCH TO ASK
FOR YOU TO SUMMON
A CREATURE THAT ONLY
HAS 2 LEGS?
[CHUCKLES]
LIKE THAT WOULD ACTUALLY
MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
YUSEI...
MY MOVE!
[THINKING]
FIRST THINGS FIRST.
IF WE GET TO
ROMAN'S STANDBY PHASE
WITH THE FIELD
LIKE THIS,
HE'LL LIGHT
TWO MORE TORCHES,
AND I'LL BE THE ONE
WHO GETS BURNED.
BUT EVEN IF I CAN
SUMMON A MONSTER
TO TAKE OUT HIS SPIDER,
THIS WEB OF HIS
WILL STICK IT
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND I CAN'T
LET THAT HAPPEN!
I ACTIVATE
ROAD FIGHTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SO AS LONG AS IT'S
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN SPECIAL SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM ANYWHERE
IN MY DECK,
AND I CHOOSE
SPEED WARRIOR!
[GRUNTS]
THAT WON'T BE
ENOUGH... YUSEI!
WHAT?!
WHEN GRAND SPIDER
IS IN DEFENSE MODE,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY PUTS
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW BACK OFF,
SPEED WARRIOR!
[GASP] NO!
[GROWLS]
[THINKING] WITH 3 MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE,
ROMAN WILL HAVE
ENOUGH COUNTERS
TO SUMMON AN EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL ON HIS NEXT TURN
AND THEN THOSE
POOR BOYS WILL BE ABSORBED!
TIME FOR
A DIFFERENT APPROACH!
I PLAY ADVANCE DRAW!
NOW IF I REMOVE
A STRONG ENOUGH
MONSTER FROM MY FIELD,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS.
AND THAT MEANS ONE LESS
TORCH FOR YOU!
[SNORTS] WHAT'A WASTE!
YOU MUST BE TRULY SCARED
IF YOU'D THROW AWAY
YOUR BEST CARD!
EITHER WAY, YOU'RE ONLY
DELAYING YOUR DEFEAT.
OH YEAH? IF YOU THINK
ROAD FIGHTER'S
MY BEST CARD,
THEN WAIT TILL
YOU GET A LOAD OF
TURRET WARRIOR!
[GROWLS]
HE'S SUMMONED TO
MY FIELD AUTOMATICALLY
WHEN I SACRIFICE
SPEED WARRIOR.
AND THERE'S MORE:
SEE ALL OF MY WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE TRANSFERRED TO HIM
AS A BONUS!
[THINKING] LUCKY FOR YUSEI
THAT POWER BOOST
WON'T BE LOST TO THAT
SPIDER'S EFFECT THIS ROUND.
SEEMS THAT INSTEAD OF
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
YOU'RE STILL STUCK
WITH YOUR SPIDER.
BUT LESSE WHAT WE CAN
DO ABOUT THAT... ROMAN!
[GROWLS]
TURRET WARRIOR,
ATTACK GRAND SPIDER!
NICE MOVE.
BUT NOW, MY SPIDER WEBS
WILL TRAP YOUR MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THE BINDS ONLY LAST
A COUPLE OF ROUNDS,
BUT I HAVE A FEELING BY THAT
TIME IT WILL ALL BE OVER!
[GROWLS] WE'LL SEE!
I END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
[THINKING] IT MAY NOT
HAVE BEEN PRETTY,
BUT AT LEAST YUSEI WAS ABLE
TO PLAY HIMSELF
INTO ANOTHER ROUND.
[BOTH GASPING]
WHOAH!
CHECK IT OUT MARTHA!
THAT PURPLE WALL OF MIST
LOOKS LIKE IT GOES ON
FOREVER AND EVER.
WHERE ARE THE BOYS?!
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
YUSEI...[GASP]
DOWN THERE!
MY BOYS!
THEY'RE TRAPPED!
[BOTH WHIMPERING]
THEY'LL BE FINE.
ONCE THE DUEL'S DONE,
THEY'LL BOTH BE FREE.
Akiza: NO YOU'RE WRONG!
[BOTH GRUNT]
IF ROMAN SUMMONS
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL...
THEY'LL BE LOST...
THEIR SPIRITS TAKEN!
PLEASE HELP!
[GASP] I'LL HELP!
YUSEI!
[GRUNTS]
YEAH! UP HERE!
DON'T EVEN THINK
ABOUT LOSING THIS DUEL!
[GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLES]
HOW TOUCHING.
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE
A CHOICE IN THE MATTER!
YOU'VE TRIED YOUR BEST
TO DELAY THE INEVITABLE
BUT I'M AFRAID THAT IT'S
JUST TOO LATE, YOUNG FOOL!
[GASP]
I PLAY MY TRAP CARD!
AND ACTIVATE OFFERINGS
TO THE BOUND DEITY!
NOW, IF I TAKE MY
LIFE POINTS AND DIVIDE THEM,
TWO MORE TORCHES
ARE SUDDENLY LIT!
THAT'S ALL 4!
OH NO!
NOW IT'S TOO LATE!
THE 4 COUNTERS ARE ABLAZE!
LET THE SUMMONING BEGIN!
WHAT'S THAT
BLACK SMOKE?!
THOSE ARE STREAMS
OF NEGATIVE ENERGY
THAT ARE NEEDED TO POWER UP
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL.
AND IT'S TIME
I PROVIDE IT WITH MORE!
[GASP]
[BOTH WHIMPERING,
GROANING]
YUSEI!
OH NO!
MY BOYS!
[THINKING] HOW COULD I
LET THOSE POOR KIDS DOWN!
IT'LL TAKE A MIRACLE
TO SAVE THEM NOW!
SO, WHO HERE
ORDERED A MIRACLE?
IT'S JACK!
[GASP]
ALL RIGHT!
MY BOYS!
THEY NEED YOU!
WHO DOESN'T?
I WON'T LET A COUPLA
MY YOUNGEST FANS
GET SUCKED
INTO THE SHADOWS!
HEADS UP!
[GRUNTS]
[GASP] OH JACK!
YOU SAVED THEM!
I GUESS THE GUY'S
NOT ALL BAD AFTER ALL.
[LAUGHS]
IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE.
I STILL HAVE HIM:
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL URU!
MARTHA! HOLD ON!
[JON AND MITCH WAILING]
WHAT IS IT?
IT'S... IT'S HUGE!
Duel runner computer: EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL URU IS A MONSTER CARD
THAT CAN ATTACK
YOUR OPPONENT DIRECTLY
BUT CAN'T BE ATTACKED
BY YOUR OPPONENT'S MONSTERS.
[ALL GASP]
Leo and Luna: UH... CHECK IT OUT!
YUSEI... HOW ABOUT
YOU SQUASH THAT THING
SO WE CAN GO HOME!
RIGHT!
THAT SPIDER'S DONE FOR.
[GUFFAWS] YOU SURE
YOU WANT TO DO THAT YUSEI?!
AFTER ALL IT'S
PRACTICALLY FAMILY!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
ARE YOU TELLING ME
YOU DON'T KNOW THE TRUTH?!
[SNICKERS]
YOUR OWN DAD... HELPED
FREE THE SHADOW ARMY!
NO! HE'D NEVER DO THAT!
BUT YOU KNOW IT'S
THE TRUTH YUSEI.
YOUR FATHER DESIGNED
THE ORIGINAL ENER-D REACTOR
THAT EXPLODED.
WITHOUT HIM NONE OF THIS
WOULD BE POSSIBLE!
NO! HE WAS GOOD!
ALL HE... ALL HE WANTED
TO DO WAS HELP!
HELP HIS BANK ACCOUNT
YOU MEAN!
YOU SEE... HE DIDN'T
CARE ABOUT
ALL THE SAFEGUARDS
OR SECURITY PRECAUTIONS...
HE WANTED TO TURN
THE THING ON
AND SEE HOW FAST IT WOULD
MAKE HIM A MILLIONAIRE!
AND I SHOULD KNOW;
AFTER ALL I WAS
THERE WITH HIM!
[GASP] BUT HOW?!
HE WAS MY BOSS,
YOU FOOL.
I WORKED WITH HIM WITH MY
BROTHER: ONE REX GOODWIN.
[GASP]
Roman: IT ALL BEGAN WHEN
YOU WERE JUST A BABY.
MY BROTHER REX AND I
WORKED FOR YOUR FATHER,
AT THE ORIGINAL
ENER-D REACTOR SITE.
THERE WERE FEARS THAT
SHOULD IT SPIN IN REVERSE,
A HUGE BLAST
OF NEGATIVE ENERGY
WOULD BE RELEASED,
WHICH IS JUST WANT WE...
HEH, I MEAN I WANTED.
YOUR FATHER WAS TOO OBSESSED
WITH SUCCESS TO SEE IT.
ALLOWING ME TO SABOTAGE
THE WHOLE PROJECT.
AND THEN BOOM.
THERE WENT YOUR FATHER'S
LIFE'S WORK!
THAT MEANS... IT WAS YOU!
YOU CAUSED ALL THIS!
WHO ELSE?
[CHUCKLES]
[ALL GASP]
[GASP]
[GROWLS]
SO THEN... THE EXPLOSION
WASN'T AN ACCIDENT!
DID GOODWIN
HELP YOU ROMAN?
WAS ALL OF THIS
YOUR BROTHER'S IDEA?
I WISH WE COULD STAND
AROUND AND CHAT ALL DAY
BUT THE NETHERWORLD
IS WAITING...
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
URU, ATTACK!
[HISSING]
YOU CAN'T WITHSTAND ONE BLOW
FROM A MONSTER THIS POWERFUL!
[SHOUTS] IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO JOIN THE SHADOWS!
[LAUGHS]
[HISS]
I'M NOT
JOINING ANYTHING!
I PLAY MY TRAP...
IRON RESOLVE!
NOW IF I CUT MY
LIFE POINTS IN HALF,
I GET TO STICK AROUND
AND FIGHT FOR ANOTHER
ROUND ROMAN!
[BOTH GROWL]
WHILE I END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN
I SHOULD REMIND YOU...
THE DAMAGE IN THIS
DUEL IS REAL!
TRUDGE! THE BUILDING!
[WAILS]
I GOT YA!
[GRUNTS]
[MOANS]
THANK YOU, TRUDGE!
[GRUNTS]
[TAKA SCREAMS]
[GASP] DID YOU HEAR THAT?!
UP ABOVE!
IT MUST BE TAKA!
[TAKA WAILING]
[GRUNTS]
[WAILING]
OH NO!
TAKA?!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
[GASP]
MARTHA! PLEASE HELP ME!
I'M SO SCARED!
HOLD ON!
I'LL SAVE YOU!
NO, WAIT!
MARTHA!
GET BACK!
I'VE GOT YOU!
I'M SORRY!
I...I JUST WANTED
TO HELP OUT YUSEI!
DON'T WORRY.
BUT WHADDYA SAY WE
TRY AND HELP YUSEI
FROM DOWNSTAIRS
ON THE GROUND!
LET'S GO!
BE CAREFUL!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
GRAB MY HAND!
THE BOY GOES FIRST!
HERE...
[GRUNTS]
[WAILS, MOANS]
MARTHA!
[GRUNTS]
HANG ON!
MY HAND!
TAKE IT!
[GRUNTS]
NO! HOLD ON!
I'M COMING FOR YOU.
[GULP, SIGH]
MARTHA! KEEP TRYING!
PROMISE ME ONE THING...
PLEASE, WATCH OVER MY KIDS
WHEN I'M GONE...
YOU'RE NOT GOING
ANYWHERE, GOT THAT!
YOUR KIDS...
YOUR KIDS
NEED YOU MARTHA,
YOU CAN'T GIVE UP!
MARTHA!
HOLD ON!
OH BOYS, IT WARMS MY HEART
TO SEE YOU AS FRIENDS AGAIN.
ONE MORE THING: WIN THIS!
BEAT THIS DARKNESS
AND MAKE IT QUICK
'CAUSE I'LL BE
WAITING FOR YOU!
[SCREAMS]
MARTHA!
[ALL GASP]
OH NO!
[GASP]
SHE'S... [GULP]...
NOOOOOOOOOO!
[GROWLS]
SHE'S GONE.
BUT WHERE?...
[BOTH SHOUT]
NOT THEM TOO!
[GROANS] THERE.
[GROANS]
Jon and Mitch:
MARTHA...[WHIMPERING]
YUSEI! YOU KNOW
WHAT TO DO...
GO TAKE CARE
OF THIS SPIDER, NOW!
HE'S RIGHT!
YOU'VE STILL GOT
A SHADOW DUEL
TO WIN!
WHADDYA WAITIN' FOR?
DO WHAT SHE SAID!
NOW, GO 'N KICK
SOME SHADOW DECK
AND BEAT HIM!
YOU'RE GOING TO PAY FOR THIS!
YOUR NANNY'S
NOT GONE FOREVER...
BUT I DOUBT
YOU CAN SAVE HER!
YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT...
AND IT STARTS
RIGHT HERE:
WITH MY TURN ROMAN!
I SUMMON: JUNK SYNCHRON!
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GRUNTS]
NOW WHENEVER
HE'S SUMMONED,
I GET A LITTLE BONUS,
IF THERE'S
A TURBO BOOSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD
HE'S
SUMMONED IMMEDIATELY
TO HELP JOIN THE FIGHT!
NOW, WHADDAYA SAY
WE DO A LIL' TUNING:
JUNK SYNCHRON,
START YOUR ENGINES!
[REVVING]
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
STARDUST DRAGON!
[ROARS]
NOW HE'S GETTIN' SOMEWHERE!
AND SO SHOULD WE!
YOU'RE A FOOL,
LIKE YOUR FATHER WAS!
WHY ELSE WOULD YOU
PUT YOUR PATHETIC BEAST
UP AGAINST
MY MIGHTY IMMORTAL?
ROMAN.
YOU'RE THE FOOL.
I KNOW I CAN'T
HURT YOUR MONSTER
BECAUSE OF ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY...
BUT THAT'S NOT WHAT
I PLAN ON DOING...
STARDUST DRAGON,
SHOW'EM WHAT I MEAN!
[ROARS]
DEFEATING YOUR MONSTER
WAS NEVER PART
OF MY PLAN.
[GRUNTS]
AND YOU KNOW WHY?
IF I CAN'T ATTACK URU,
THAT LEAVES
ONLY ONE TARGET
AND I'M SURE YOU CAN
GUESS WHO THAT IS.
HOW DARE YOU...!
WELL THAT'S WHAT YOU GET
FOR RUINING MY FATHER'S
LIFE WORK.
NOW PREPARE
TO FEEL THE WRATH
OF MY MIGHTY BEAST!
STARDUST DRAGON,
TAKE OUT THE ONLY
TARGET LEFT: ROMAN!
NOT SO FAST... I ACTIVATE
SPIDER EGG!
AND WITH THIS IN PLAY,
I CAN STOP YOUR ATTACK
AND HATCH 3 NEW
SPIDER TOKENS.
I HOPE YOU DIDN'T THINK
I WOULD LET
THE REST OF MY
LIFE POINTS
BE DESTROYED
BY YOUR DRAGON.
[GROWLS]
I'LL GET YOU YET ROMAN.
IT'S YOUR TURN.
[GRUNTS]
HEY! YUSEI!
WE'RE SAFE!
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
ANY MORE SPIRITS!
[CHUCKLES] THAT'S FINE!
SEE...
I ALREADY HAVE
SO MANY!...
[GASP] RALLY?!
OH NO.
WHAT... WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
RALLY?!
[LAUGHS]
[GASP]
MISS YOUR FRIEND?
I FREED HIS SPIRIT
SO HE COULD DUEL YOU
INSTEAD OF ME!
YOU CAN'T!
I WON'T DUEL MY FRIEND!
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE!
YOU'RE EITHER
GOING TO ATTACK AND WIN
OR BE ATTACKED AND LOSE!
NOW THEN, WHAT WILL IT BE?
ARE YOU GOING TO BATTLE
YOUR CLOSEST FRIEND?
OR... JUST STAND THERE!
AND LET THE WORLD DOWN
IN ORDER TO SAVE THIS
ONE PATHETIC PAL OF YOURS?
YOU CAN'T DO THIS!
Rally: YUSEI... YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND HIS POWER!
HE CAN DO
WHATEVER HE WANTS!
I WON'T DUEL!
YOU HAVE TO!
YOU'RE THE ONLY HOPE LEFT!
LOOK AT HIM!
HE'S TAKEN EVERYONE!
YOU COWARD!
I'M... I'M SORRY.
DON'T DO IT, RALLY!
OH, HE WILL DUEL!
EVEN IF IT MEANS
BEATING YOU!
I USE URU'S ABILITY!
BY SACRIFICING ONE OF
THE MONSTERS THAT'S
ON MY FIELD,
I GET CONTROL
OF ONE OF YOURS.
SORRY, YUSEI.
I SUMMON TURBO ROCKET!
[GASP] RALLY, NO!
I KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING!
YOU HAVE TO ATTACK ME!
DON'T MAKE THIS HARDER!
WE NEED YOU!
ME AND TANK AND EVERYONE
ARE TRAPPED!
I'M SORRY.
PLEASE DON'T DO THIS!
RALLY!
I KNOW YOU'D RATHER GET
SENT TO THE NETHERWORLD
THAN DUEL ME, YUSEI.
THAT'S WHY I HAVE TO END
THIS DUEL ON MY OWN TERMS.
I TUNE TURBO ROCKET
WITH MY TURBO BOOSTER
SO THAT I CAN SYNCHRO SUMMON
TURBO BOOSTER CANNON!
[THINKING] THAT MONSTER
ONLY HAS ONE ABILITY!
OH NO!
I ACTIVATE MY CANNON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
I CAN DESTROY ANY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD,
AND THEN, HALF
ITS ATTACK POINTS
COUNT AS DAMAGE
TO ITS OWNER.
AND, NO ONE SAID WHOSE
MONSTER I HAV'TA CHOOSE.
[GROWLS] NO!
GOOD LUCK, YUSEI.
I'LL BE WATCHING...
FROM THE SHADOWS.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S
GET IT OVER WITH!
I DESTROY EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL URU!
FIND A NEW PAWN ROMAN!
[WAILS AND MOANS]
RALLY!
OH NO...
HEY YUSEI...
YOU CAN BRING US BACK...
I KNOW... YOU WILL...
RALLY!!!
All: [BREATHING HEAVILY]
YUSEI!
Roman: WELL I CERTAINLY WASN'T
EXPECTING THAT OUTCOME.
HEH! NO WONDER THE HUMAN
RACE IS GOING EXTINCT,
NO ONE'S SELFISH ANYMORE.
NOW BE KIND,
THEY DID JUST LOSE
SOME FRIENDS
TO THE SHADOWS...
ARE THEY?...
GONE? YOUR PALS ARE WITH US
AND ALL THE OTHERS
LOST FROM THIS TRASH HEAP
YOU CALL A TOWN.
WANNA GET'EM BACK?
WELL I'M RIGHT HERE
YUSEI... HEH!
OR, ARE YOU SCARED?
[LAUGHS]
YEAH. I'M SCARED.
SCARED ABOUT WHAT I'M
GOING TO DO TO YOU KALIN!
AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED,
YOUR DARK DECKS ARE
ABOUT TO BE DESTROYED!